This is a nurse practitioner, Kim Jeong Ah, from
Eminent Hospice.
What I'm going to talk about is that I'm talking
about experience
as a hospice nurse.
This is a general thing, except that it's
all-co-true, medical.
I hope you can hear that there are many exceptions
and various
cases.
I hope you can hear that there are many exceptions
and various
cases.
Today, I'm going to talk about one of the many
questions that
hospice nurses ask their families.
It's a very burdensome topic for the general public,
but it's one
of the
many questions that hospice nurses ask their
families.
When do you think you'll be back?
There are a lot of people who ask like this.
First of all, if you ask like this, of course, the
condition
of the
patient is not good.
Most of the people who ask like this are already
asked by
the doctor.
However, the doctor may not have answered the
family's questions,
or they may not have answered the family's
questions, or they may
have wanted
to check the family again.
Most of the doctors answer like this.
That's right. There are a lot of nurses who answer
like that.
However, if our nurses explain a little more to the
patient, there
are a
lot of cases where the family is satisfied with the
answer.
So today, I'm going to talk about how I explained
it.
There are a lot of variables in terms of
predictability.
There are a lot, but I'm going to talk about a few
things.
For example, the basic physical strength of the
patient and the environment
around supporting the patient.
The basic physical strength of the patient is
actually decided by physical
sleep.
And the basic physical strength of the patient.
Even if you don't eat the same food, some people
live more
than 10 days,
and some people can't stand it even for a day.
And the remaining life of the patient is important.
If you want to live, you have to eat more.
If you take the spoon in your mouth before you go
back,
open your mouth and swallow it.
There are people who have remaining life.
And in the case of severe dementia, there are people
who swallow
it until the end,
but I'm not sure about that.
But I think it's probably the remaining life.
And the environment of support is also very
important.
Some people may not be able to live for a few days
But there
are cases where family or patients live.
The best thing is that patients can't swallow it,
but they can
eat it
no matter how the patient or the family lives.
There are a lot of amazing times.
There is a know-how for them.
I hope I have a chance to tell you later.
And now there are cases where you really have to
prepare for
dementia, but
the patient is in the middle of eating for no
reason.
There is a family like this among family members.
The patient is worried that he won't eat.
So how much does he eat?
If you ask like this, he says he eats three eggs a
day.
That's because he doesn't eat when his family sees
him.
I don't think he's eating enough to go back.
First of all, there are a lot of young people.
Especially if you're lying down or if you're not
active, you don't
need a lot of energy.
So even if you eat three eggs a day, there are
people
who live
for a long time.
And even if you didn't eat, there are cases where
you have
constipation.
In the case of IV Hydration.
It is said to be a hydrating ringel in Korean.
In the case of hydrating or ringel, whether it's a
hospital or
a nursing hospital,
you have to hydrate your body with hydrating or
ringel.
Because there is moisture in your body, even if you
don't eat
anything,
you have to hydrate your body with hydrating.
And even if you didn't eat, the variable is IV
Hydration.
In Korean, it is called hydrating or ringel.
In the case of a hospital or a nursing hospital, no
matter
what method you use,
if you have a ringel, because there is moisture in
your body,
even if
you don't buy anything,
you can extend your life. Now, in the case of not
eating
for real,
in some cases, you can't drink water or eat at all.
In some cases, in some cases, In some cases, you
can't drink
water or eat at all.
In some cases, you can't drink water or eat at all.
정답을 가지고 기르지 않고 할 수 있는 베스트를 다해서 하는 것입니다.
유가 전문가에게 조언을 구하기도 합니다. 죽음도 그렇게 생각하시면 될 것 같습니다.
의사나 호스피스 간호사에게 도움을 받으면 됩니다.
더 자세한 상황은 댓글을 남겨 주시거나 연락을 주시면 됩니다.
감사합니다.